Docs: Update Contributing Files (#1311)
longturn/freeciv21: docs/Contributing/pull-request.rst

..
    SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
    SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2022 jwrober <jwrober at gmail.com>

>     SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2022 panch93 <pranav.ppanch@gmail.com>

Reviewer: So whats the norm for this ? We should decide on one I think. We use the github account or the lt.net account ? 
Here it is my lt.net account. Which is potentially confusing cuz my commits are linked to the email id, pranav.sampathkumar@gmail.com which is my github account.

Reviewer: Anyways, My preference is Pranav Sampathkumar <pranav.sampathkumar@gmail.com>, cuz handles might change.

#. Requesting a Pull Request from Origin to Upstream.

> 1. Update Local with the Lastest Updates from Upstream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Update Local with the Latest Updates from Upstream
```

======================================================

Assuming you are in the appropriate Local directory, issue these commands to get the latest code from
Upstream:

.. code-block:: rst

  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ git checkout master
  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ git pull upstream master --ff-only

> The first command sets the working branch to master on Local. The second command downloads the changes from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first command sets the working branch to ``master`` on Local. The second command downloads the changes from
```

Issue 123 in the Freeciv21 Issues list.

.. attention::
  It is recommended to never make changes in the ``master`` branch. Best practice is to make changes in a
  different branch. This makes it much easier to evaluate changes as part of the Pull Request evaluation
  process and keeps things much cleaner from a repository management perspective.

3. Edit Files as Needed in Local
================================

This step is as simple as it sounds. Edit the files in the Local area as needed to complete the work you

> want to work on. Depending on what you are doing, there is a high likelihood that you will want to compile

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
want to work on. Depending on what you are doing, it is likely that you will want to compile
```

the code to test your work. Here are some quick steps that you can use to run through quick compiles of code
and/or documentation updates.

.. code-block:: rst

  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ rm -Rf build
  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ cmake . -B build -G Ninja -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=$PWD/build/install -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug
  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ cmake --build build
  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ cmake --build build --target install
  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ cmake --build build --target docs

The first command cleans out the :file:`build` directory to start with a fresh configuration. The second
command runs a configure process and then sets things up to do the install portion inside the same
:file:`build` directory, keeping work in progress all in one place.

> The third and forth commands compile and installs the code. The last command is used to generate the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The third and fourth commands compile and install the code. The last command is used to generate the
```

a file, you can use the :file:`git restore <file>` command. This is also shown on the :file:`git status`
command output.

The :file:`git add --all` command then adds all the changed files into a single commit. The
:file:`git clang-format` command then runs a pre-processor to format any code changes to support the

> Longturn community's code standards. We use ``clangformat-11`` by default, if your system's version of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Longturn community's code standards. We use ``clang-format-11``. If your system's version of
```

> ``clang-format`` is different, you can use the binaries for ``clangformat-11`` using the command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``clang-format`` is different, you can use the binaries for ``clang-format-11`` using the command:
```

:file:`git clang-format --binary <path-to-clang-format-11>`. If :file:`git clang-format` modifies any files,
it will tell you so. If that happens, then you need to run a subsequent :file:`git add --all` command to get
those files added back into the commit.

> Once everything looks good from a :file:`git status` perspective, then issue the last two command. The last

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once everything looks good from a :file:`git status` perspective, then issue the last command. The last
```

> command, :file:`git commit`, will open a text editor (in Debian based systems this is often ``Nano``). Put a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
command, :file:`git commit`, will open a text editor (in Debian based systems this is often ``nano``). Put a
```

message at the bottom below all of the hashes ( ``#`` ) and then save.

> At this point you now have a commit of changes that you need to push to Origin.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest either
```suggestion
You now have a commit of changes that you need to push to Origin.
```
or to leave it as it was before. "At this point you now have" sounds weird, since "at this point you have" and "you now have" mean effectively the same thing.

  ~/GitHub/freeciv21$ git push origin

> You will be prompted for your SSH passkey and then the changes in the branch you created in Step 2 will be

Reviewer 3: Would it help to link back to Step 2 here?
